1.	How the internet works.
2.	To get the Ip address
3.	Check for 4 types of cache
4.	Check for caching
5.	Browser Cache
6.	OS cache would be there commands like gethostname
7.	Router cache
8.	ISP cache
9.	4 types of cache in order to reduce latency
10.	You would have to go to your dns server for checking the ip address
11.	You will initiate the connection to the DNS server
12.	www.google.com
13.	Base DNS server google.com
14.	www-> google -> .com -> www.google.com ->
15.	You would initiate the connection to the server having the data for your website
16.	TCP/IP Connection with the server
17.	3 way handshake
18.	What happens in 3 way handshake
a.	Syn package to the server (are you open for connection)
b.	SYN/ACK package back to the client suggesting I am open for connection
c.	Server will send an acknowledgement for the syn/ack
19.	Browser is going to a get call in order to get the data http request
20.	Server could respond with
 .	HTML
a.	JSON
b.	XML
21.	In order to store data on the client end there are two things that can be used
 .	Cookie - 4kb of data, everytime server client interacts with each other cookies are going to be sent between server and client, Cookies can be set by your backend onto the frontend.
a.	Local storage - it is going to give you 5mb of data storage
b.	Session Storage
22.	Server would respond back with the data
 .	1xx - info
a.	2xx - success
b.	3xx - redirect
c.	4xx - client errors
d.	5xx - server errors
23.	Browser will receive and html document
24.	Parse the html line by line
25.	DOM - Document object Model
26.	Tree like structure which is formed from your html
27.	Script tag is encountered
28.	Css tag is encountered
 .	Html
Head		body
P.color:red	div
29.	The css would be added to each html element and cssom
a.	CSSOM - DOM + CSS
30.	JS or css are going to be downloaded and then they are going to executed
31.	What are the different ways in which js can be added onto your website
 .	Inline - inline would be downloaded with html
a.	Script tag
b.	External js  - cached
32.	<Script> console.log()</script>
33.	Html html html html html script downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded executed executed executed executed executed html html html
34.	Block rendering
35.	Async and Defer https://www.thatjsdude.com/images/asyncVsDefer.jpg
 .	<script href=”index.js” async>
a.	<script href=”index.js” defer>
36.	Why should the page speed be fast
 .	In order to reduce ad spends
a.	Page speed is important for seo Purpose
b.	For ranking in google search
c.	Use experience
37.	How to increase the page speed
 .	Reduce the size of JS and Css pages
a.	Minify and uglify your js and css
b.	Make a size limit of 200kb max for the images
c.	https://tinypng.com/ To compress the images
d.	You should use WEBP format in order to add your images
e.	Caching the images and js and css
i.	Browser Cache
ii.	CDN Caching
f.	Use sprite images
g.	Font awesome or icomoon in order use icons instead images
h.	Lazyloading of the images

